docs(console): adds config for schema registries (#1698)
streamshub/console: docs/sources/modules/deploying/ref-schema-registries.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-deploying.adoc

[id='ref-schema-registries-{context}']
= Using a schema registry with Kafka

[role="_abstract"]
Integrate a schema registry with the console to centrally manage schemas for Kafka data.
Configure the console to integrate with an external schema registry, such as Apicurio Registry, to reference and validate schemas used in Kafka data streams. 
You can use supported authentication methods to authenticate requests to the registry, including OIDC.

> You can define schema registry connections globally as part of the console configuration. 
> These connections apply across all Kafka clusters managed by the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define schema registry connections globally as part of the console configuration. 
Each Kafka cluster may then reference a schema registry for its use using the `schemaRegistry` property of the cluster. The value of `schemaRegistry` is the `name` of the entry in the `schemaRegistries` array.
```

A placeholder for adding schema registries is provided in: `examples/console/resources/console/010-Console-example.yaml`.

The configuration introduces the following additional properties for console deployment:

`schemaRegistries`:: Defines external schema registries that the console can connect to for schema validation and management.
`authentication`:: Configures access to the schema registry using `basic`, `bearer` token, or `oidc` authentication.
`trustStore`:: (Optional) Specifies a truststore for verifying TLS certificates when connecting to the schema registry. 
Supported formats: `JKS`, `PEM`, `PKCS12`. 
Content may be provided using a `ConfigMap` or a `Secret`.

.Example schema registry configuration with OIDC authentication
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: console.streamshub.github.com/v1alpha1
kind: Console
metadata:
  name: my-console
spec:
  hostname: my-console.<cluster_domain>
  # ...
  schemaRegistries:
    - name: test-registry # <1>
      url: <schema_registry_URL> # <2>
      authentication: # <3>

>         oidc:

Author: I've taken a guess about defaults and optional config for scopes.

  # ...
----
<1> A unique name for the schema registry connection.
<2> Base URL of the schema registry API. This is typically the REST endpoint, such as \http://<host>/apis/registry/v2.
<3> Authentication credentials for accessing the schema registry. You can configure one of the following authentication methods:
+
* `basic`: Requires `username` and `password`.
* `bearer`: Requires `token`.
* `oidc`: See xref:ref-authentication-options-{context}[Using an OIDC provider to secure access to Kafka clusters] for details.
<4> HTTP method used to obtain the token.
<5> Grant type used for OIDC authentication.
<6> Optional truststore used to validate the OIDC provider’s TLS certificate. Supported formats include `JKS`, `PEM`, and `PKCS12`. Truststore content can be provided using either a `ConfigMap` (`configMapKeyRef`) or a `Secret` (`secretKeyRef`).
<7> Optional password for the truststore. Can be provided as a plaintext value (as shown) or via a `Secret`. Plaintext values are not recommended for production.
<8> Optional truststore used to validate the schema registry’s TLS certificate. Configuration format and source options are the same as for the OIDC truststore.

> NOTE: The `grantType` and `method` fields are required for schema registries using non-interactive OIDC authentication, such as the Client Credentials flow. These fields are not needed for interactive logins, like those used to secure Kafka cluster access.

Author: I wanted to note something about the presence of these properties, but I'm not sure of the details
